## [[Brad Wilcox]]

#Grace #Atonement_Of_Jesus_Christ 
### <u>What We Get Wrong About Grace & Ordinances</u>

This has been an interesting talk about the Grace of the Savior and how we as Latter-Day Saints get it wrong/don't fully understand/misunderstand the purpose and how it is given to us. 

Brad Wilcox talks about how we as members of the church have focused a lot on the "Works" aspect of the atonement of Christ and not enough on the Grace portion. The understanding of the atonement of Christ is often a spectrum between grace and works, which some other evangelical churches focusing too much on the other side of the spectrum. Bro. Wilcox argues that we need to be in the middle. 

One point that he brings up is in the Hymn "I Stand All Amazed" it says, "I stand all amazed at the love Jesus *proffers* me." This word proffers is important. The words are not "*offers* me" which would imply more that it is simply just there for us, "*Proffers* me" indicates that it is there in generosity. It is being given to us, all we need to do is to take it. He likens this to the sacrament at church. We are *proffered* the sacrament, sometimes much to our chagrin, the deacon is putting the emblems of the atonement of Christ in our face for us to take. 

A question is then brought up in the conversation that "How do we as Latter-Day Saints reconcile Christ saying that his Grace is sufficient with the ordinances that must be performed for eternal salvation?" Bro. Wilcox is happy to answer by saying that the physical act of the ordinance is not the saving thing. He talks about how an ordinance is the spiritual acceptance of the grace that Christ proffers. Can we be baptized without it meaning anything? Can we take the sacrament without there being any blessings tied to it? Yes. We ourselves need to be ready and willing to accept the grace that is there while accepting the ordinance itself.

Bro. Wilcox goes on by saying that it is analogous to being married to your spouse. We are showing/declaring to each other our love and commitment to each other. We make the grand gesture to fully show how much we care and how much we are giving ourselves to each other. 

In the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, we have a few "saving" ordinances that we need to be prepared for so that we can show God and Christ that we are ready to commit to them and take what they are giving to us. We are telling them that we have prepared ourselves enough to accept the higher commitment. Just like in marriage though, we are constantly looking to show or make more commitment to each other to show the ever increasing amount of love for one another. This is one of the reasons that just being baptized is not sufficient to gain the most blessings. We need to consistently be showing our commitment.

Again, all this to say, God has already given and is always proffering these blessings to us. It is on us to prepare and to take in the blessings of God. We are not earning anything, we are preparing for a higher commitment.

Contract: Yea I am better off not signing the dot.
Covenant: How could you not be better off

Study: When people understood that we are saved after all that we can do meaning all that us and God can do. This lowered people's anxiety and stress. Better than drugs.

Study: A belief in grace leads to higher levels of gratitude, optimism and self esteem.

2 Nephi 25:23 sometimes overshadows the meaning of grace in our lives. The context of this verse is very important. Nephi is giving his last lecture. He is not just talking about what the atonement is, but how we can receive the blessings of the atonement in our lives. He talks about believing in Christ. He talks about how we can be saved through Christ through everything that Christ gives us. We are made alive in Christ because of our faith. He has given it free by all men.

Maybe after is a preposition of separation rather than a separation of time. "After" meaning apart or regardless of. We are still saved by grace after all is said and done.

I would like to start thinking we before me or thinking we before you.
