## [[David A Bednar]]
### <u>In the Space of Not Many Years</u>

*If we are not faithful and obedient, we can transform the God-given blessing of prosperity into a prideful curse that diverts and distracts us.*

I had just read an article before this talk about a transgender individual that used to be a stake president and a short summary of how they went from stake president to changing their gender and how they viewed the church.

Part of that article was interesting because, at the time, Pres. Uchtdorf greeted them with a hug and warm smile. The article then went on to say that the church "culture" (I think is the wording that they used) turned away from transgender people even though Uchtdorf was very pleasant.

I thank that this representation of the church's policies is inaccurate. I believe that the church is always trying to strength families and the testimonies of it's members. And even though the policies are inhibiting the participation of the transgender individuals, the people should still embrace them with love because they are God's children. The church's policies are not punishing transgender and members shouldn't view it as such either. There is a lot more that I could say but I will get to the talk at hand.

- The book of Mormon is for our day. The Lamanites and the Nephites never had the book. It was meant for us. We should constantly be asking ourselves, "why did the Lord inspire Mormon … to include \[this account] in his record? What lesson can I learn from \[this admonition] to help me live in this day and age?"

Elder Bednar talks about how the lamanites were converted and were blessed by the lord and in contrast, the nephites grew prideful and the spirit of the lord began to withdraw. He points out that it is particularly interesting how this all happened within the space of "not so many years". Pride began to enter into their hearts and then cause them to fell rapidly. It was their pride in their possessions, riches, and  vain things of this world that cause them to plummet. The world today is hyper prideful in everything and I think is causing a drastic decline in spirituality. We are constantly moving away from things of God toward things of the world.

Some of the symptoms and signs of this are:
- Mocking things which are sacred
- disbelieve in the spirit of prophecy and revelation
- trample under our feet the commandments of God
- deny the word of God
- cast out, mock, and revile against the prophets
- forget the Lord
- not desire that God should rule and reign over us

#My_Thoughts I think one of the most pervasive of these is the mocking things which are sacred. I have seen it the most among my friends that nothing is sacred to them and everything is open for jokes. I notice that people who are of this world don't hold anything in their life as sacred.

"To avoid this we must avoid pride-induced and exaggerated sense of self-importance, a misguided evaluation of our own self-sufficiency, and seeking self instead of serving others."
The thing today is to improve "one's self". A lot of the conversations and dividing ideologies today I think hinge on how it makes "one's self" better and not on how to help someone else become a better person. Not that working on "one's self" is bad thing but at the same time, that seems to be all that people care about.

I know from serving a mission that the fastest way to improve yourself is by focusing on others. Service is the key to improving yourself. Boyd K Packer said that we will improve ourselves faster by studying about Christ rather than the study of how to improve ourselves. I see all the time on social media people explaining how to make yourself better and how this law and that policy is going against the individual. It seems like what we should be focusing on is how can we give/help the community or those around us. Thats when ourselves will be blessed and we will see positive changes in ourselves.

"Such spiritual blindness also can cause us to turn out of the way of righteousness,[](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2024/10/35bednar?lang=eng#note19) fall away into forbidden paths, and become lost.[](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2024/10/35bednar?lang=eng#note20) As we blindly “turn unto \[our] own ways”[](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2024/10/35bednar?lang=eng#note21) and follow destructive detours, we are inclined to lean upon our own understanding,[](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2024/10/35bednar?lang=eng#note22) boast in our own strength,[](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2024/10/35bednar?lang=eng#note23) and depend upon our own wisdom."

I have seen this one time and time again from people that start to fixate on themselves. I have seen it mostly with people that get REALLY into fitness without keeping an eye on their spirituality/family. They get into good shape and then all the new attention gets to their head and they start to grow in pride. It happens with many other things as well. 

I think this is why a lot of people enjoy christmas. Its a season of focusing on other people and feeling the love and joy from those blessings. 

"Apostasy can occur at two basic levels—institutional and individual. At the institutional level, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints will not be lost through apostasy or taken from the earth."

I think we always forget about the personal apostatsy.

When we believe that we are above becoming prideful, then we are already in the throws of pride. We need to constantly be humbling ourselves and looking for the meekness to God.

Being prideful in anything can lead to the wrong path. Its easy to look and see how others are prideful and how that affects them. It is difficult to look more inwardly. 

#Daily_Task Try to see where you are being prideful/putting your wants above your needs and try to adjust incrementally.
