# Doctrine and Covenants Section 20
## Podcast FollowHIM

The podcast was talking about repentance and how sometimes we put too much emphasis on the 7 steps to repentance and that we don't focus on the actual meaning of repentance which is to be sanctified through Christ. 

While I was thinking about this I remembered my conversation I had with Abby and Isaac about Isaac's friend that genuinely didn't want to go to heaven because he said, "why would he want to be surrounded by things that he didn't want". Isaac also mentioned that he had a hard time just staying on the straight and narrow. As I was thinking on this train of thought I was trying to think of the reason that we go to our leaders to repent sometimes and why we need that. The conclusion that I drew was that sometimes we need to include those that are trusted leaders so that we don't find ourselves falling deeper or that we can effectively get out of sin and temptation. In addition, I think that sometimes we are suffering in silence which can lead to all sorts of incorrect thoughts and feelings about the true process of repenting. Sometimes we need a leader to tell us and confirm to us that we are doing the best we can and we will eventually get out.

I think there are times we are suffering in out sins and temptations in silence which leads to even worse outcomes or leads to no progress. Then when we fall again, we can possibly continue to beat ourselves up further and feel that there is no real way out. That is where a leader comes in and helps us to climb out of that rut. That when we fall, there is someone there to pick us back up and try again.

Another reason could be just pure accountability. It is much easier to do something when we are accountable to someone that we trust and love. Having a leader that can judge us righteously according to our hearts is the perfect person to be accountable to.


