## Doctrine and Covenants Section 1

The voice of the lord will be heard by all ends of the earth. Everyone will have to either repent and grow closer to God or they will have to wrestle with the life they are living. I think that it will be much worse to wrestle and struggle with reconciling what you know is not correct than it will be to change and know that you are on the right path.

The weak things of the earth have been called to preach and proclaim the gospel. I think because this allows not the "logic" and the "reasoning" to dominate the conversation but allows for the tenderness of the spirit to take hold. Again I saw dominate because "logic" and "reasoning" have a place in the conversation but they shouldn't overshadow the real teacher, the Holy Spirit. That is also what really increases faith in the world.

Verse 24: These commandments are given to us in our weakness after the manner of our language so that we might come to an understanding. 
	I have found that when I think that I am strong and doing everything right, I have a harder time seeing "why" I should do something or change. But when I am humble, or rather humbled, I am much more willing to see the blessings of repentance and change.

Verse 25-27: When we are humble and meek we can make changes to our lives quickly. We also can seek and find answers/confidence in the lord every time that we ask for it when we are listening to the teachings and commandments from the God. As well, when we are humble we are made strong.
	I think this is in our testimony as well in our confidence with ourselves. When we are not humble we are unteachable and we don't get to grow with the conflicts that come. Instead we get buffeted and our testimonies start to crumble.

Always remember that the Spirit is what bears record of things. No matter how hard you try and convince someone, without the help of the Spirit they will not be converted

## Doctrine and Covenants Section 2

Very interesting that the promises made to ***the*** Fathers, that being the prophets of old: Abraham, Moses, Noah, etc. The hearts of the children will turn to their fathers that being a generational fathers. We will be reminded of the promises of old and we will turn to our families and grow in families.

## Doctrine and Covenants Section 3

God does not change up what he said.
	I like this one particularly because of all the people that are trying to change the ways of God these days. I don't know if it's because I am in new circle's/new conversations but I feel as though people are trying to change what God has said/commanded to better fit their lifestyles. In the last general conference, Elder D. Todd Christofferson talks about burying our weapons of rebellion and not trying to do things "My way". There are a lot of people that are trying to change the church and the commandments of God to fit their way. But God does not change. 
	I also came across Dallin H. Oaks talk in that sometimes there are temporary commandments and there a permanent commandments. I don't know that I have ever thought about it like this and would like to understand more examples of each. But either way, the permanent commandments pertain to salvation and those have been taught to us many times.

Verse 4: If man follows his own ways then we "must fall". I don't think the Lord is commanding us to fall but rather declaring it as a law of the universe. Without the strength of the Lord, we will not be able to stand on our own and we will be blown about by the winds of the adversary. Just as Joseph Smith and Martin Harris tried to stand on their own knowledge and reasoning, they were blown about by the machinations of the adversary.

Verse 10: When God chooses us for a work we are called and chosen to do that task. No matter what we do we are still called and chosen. We may fall however, if we choose to repent and come back to the Lord we will be still be called a chosen. 
	In the "FollowHim" podcast they talk about specifically our patriarchal blessings and how many young people, myself included, have wondered, "I haven't been following the path that I was suppose to be for some amount of time. Are the blessings in my patriarchal blessing void for that time/did I miss some of the blessings that I could have had?" The answer is no. The path that the savior has for us is eternal. We are able to get back on the path at any point and once again stand up for the work that we are called to do.

## Doctrine and Covenants Section 4

Verse 5: Faith, Hope, Charity, and Love qualifies us for the work.
	I noticed on my mission that when I loved the people and the people that I was teaching I found that I was more successful. I had hope for them and had faith that God would lead me to teach them what they needed to be taught. I think the same is off our missions. When we don't have faith in the Spirit of the Lord and faith in the teachings of God then we won't be successful. We also have to have **hope** the people can change and grow. But we also must love and serve those people so that they can feel the love of the savior in their lives as well.

Verse 6: In this verse, the Lord is telling us to remember these qualities. I think one reason is to remember that these are the things that we need to teach but I also think that he is telling us to remember that these are the fruits of the Spirit. These are the ways that we can know that we are teaching by the Spirit. As the christlike attributes in this verse grow and develop in us, then we will know that we are teaching with the Spirit. Just like you can't work without getting your hands dirty, you can't teach without also feeling and growing in the Spirit.

## Doctrine and Covenants Section 5

This is the section where Joseph Smith is told that there will be three additional witnesses to the Book of Mormon. He is told that he is chosen to bear witness as well as will the three witness be commanded.

Verse 16 - 17: The Lord slips it in that people need to be baptized and given the gift of the Spirit but not yet. 

Verse 19: This is an interesting verse that I would like to study maybe a little more. "A desolating scourge shall go forth among the inhabitants of the earth, and shall continue to be poured out from time to time" What does this refer to? Spiritual? Physical?

Verse 22: "Even if you be slain" I wonder if Joseph was thinking about this or if this is something that weighed on his mind as he heard it. Did Joseph know that he was going to be martyred?

Verse 24: Martin Harris exalts himself and does not humble himself sufficiently. However, the Lord does declare that if he does humble himself sufficiently, he will be granted a view of the things he desires. Which must mean that he did eventually humble himself as he was given the chance to see the plates. He must have took the chastisement from the lord well and became a better man because of it.

The last several verses are instruction to Joseph Smith that he needs to pause on the translation for a time because there a people "lying in wait" to destroy him. That would be rather terrifying to learn that. However, it probably gave Joseph a lot of faith to just rely wholly on the Lord for something that he didn't know was lying in wait.

## Doctrine and Covenants Section 6

